Step-by-Step Explanation
User Access: A user wants to access the website by typing www.foobar.com into their browser.

DNS Resolution: The browser sends a DNS query to resolve www.foobar.com to an IP address. The DNS server responds with the IP address 8.8.8.8.

HTTP Request: The browser sends an HTTP request to the IP address 8.8.8.8.

Nginx Web Server: The request reaches the Nginx web server running on the single server at 8.8.8.8. Nginx handles the incoming HTTP request and routes it to the application server.

Application Server: The application server processes the request. This includes executing the application code to generate the appropriate response.

Database Interaction: If the application needs to retrieve or store data, it interacts with the MySQL database, which is also running on the same server.

Response Generation: The application server generates the HTTP response (e.g., an HTML page) and sends it back to the Nginx web server.

Response Delivery: Nginx delivers the HTTP response back to the user's browser.

User View: The browser renders the response, and the user sees the website.

Infrastructure Design
Components

Server: A single physical or virtual server with the IP address 8.8.8.8.
Web Server: Nginx installed on the server to handle HTTP requests.
Application Server: Running on the same server to process application logic.
Application Files: Codebase for the website, stored on the server.
Database: MySQL database installed on the server for data storage.
Domain Name: foobar.com with a www CNAME record pointing to 8.8.8.8.

Configuration Details
Nginx Configuration: Nginx is configured to listen on port 80 (HTTP) and route requests to the application server.
Application Server: Can be a Node.js, Python (Django/Flask), or PHP server, depending on the application stack.
MySQL Database: Configured to store and manage application data, accessible by the application server.
Nginx Configuration Example

server {
    listen 80;
    server_name www.foobar.com;

    location / {
        proxy_pass http://localhost:3000; # Assuming the application server runs on port 3000
        proxy_set_header Host $host;
        proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
        proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
    }
}


Issues with This Infrastructure
Single Point of Failure (SPOF):

The entire website is hosted on a single server. If this server fails (hardware failure, network issues, etc.), the website will become completely unavailable.
Downtime During Maintenance:

Deploying new code or performing maintenance on the web server requires restarting Nginx, which will cause downtime. Users attempting to access the site during this time will experience service interruptions.
Scalability:

This infrastructure cannot handle a significant increase in traffic. All requests are handled by a single server, so if the traffic exceeds the server's capacity, the performance will degrade, leading to slow response times or complete unavailability.
